Reusable Trufflehog Workflow (#54)
Staffbase/gha-workflows: README.md

      # optional: version to be associated with the release
      version: X.Y.Z
```
</details>
  

>   ### Secret Scanning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Secret Scanning
```

```
</details>

> ### Secret Scanning

Reviewer: Could you sort the sections alphabetically? 🤔

<details>

> <summary>The action can be used to scan a range of commits for leaked credentials. The action will fail if any results are found.</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary>This workflow should be called by a PR and will scan it's commits for leaked credentials. The workflow will fail if any results are found.</summary>
```

```yml
name: Trufflehog
on: [ push ]

jobs:
  trufflehog:

>     uses: Staffbase/gha-workflows/.github/workflows/template_secret_scan.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    uses: Staffbase/gha-workflows/.github/workflows/template_secret_scan.yml@v1.5.0
```
